Ingles Welcome to the Kubernetes Primer chapter.
Just a quick note before we go through this chapter.
So obviously Kubernetes is a huge area and it's not possible to cover it in this one chapter, but we
are going to create content and push it to Container Registry deployed to Kubernetes.
So I just wanted to go over the basics so that you folks at least have some sort of foundation before
you go do other stuff.
Also, all the following lectures that actually from the introductory chapter from my bestselling Kubernetes
course, rocking Kubernetes with Amazon Chaos, Forget and DevOps.
So like I said, Kubernetes is its own course by itself is it's huge, it's complex, but it's super
popular right now.
So check this course out if interested.
But if you already know Kubernetes or you have some other courses, that's fine as well.
All right.
With that being said, let's get started.